What is QMake?
It is makefile tool.
QT Interview Question

What is CMake?
It is build configuration tool.
you can use any software project.
you can easy to configuration,debug and build your project.
it is require only c++ comipler.

What is Framework?
Framework is essential structure of bulding.

What is QObject_macro?
It is enable moc feature.
it is private class.
It is base class of all QObject model.
It will tell to compiler that this class having own signal and slot.

What is Qt?
Qt is the cross platform application of framework.
it is widely used to devloping application of software than can run various harware and software.

What is Qml?
Qml is the name of language.
Qml satnd for Qt Meta Language.
QtQuick toolkit allow for Qml language.

Limination Of Moc?
Template class cannot have signal and slot.
Function pointer cannot have d=signal and slot.
Nested class cannot have signal and slot.
Macro cannot have signal and slot.

What is Moc?
Moc is Meta Object Compiler that can handel Qt c++ program extension.
Moc tool read only cpp header file and it is find 1 or more class decalration that contain QObject.
It is provide signal and slot mechanisms for intern object communication,run type information and dynamic property system.

what is Widget?
Basic building block for graphical user interface application built with qt.
QWidget class is base class of all user interface object.

what is OObject?
QObject is the base class of all qt classes.
it is heart of qt model object.

What is Signal and Slot?
It is centeral feature of model is very powerful mechanism for seamless communication.
It is used for communation between object.
if you connect signal and slot with connect().
if you destroyed signal and slot with disconnect().

Syntax of Signal and Slot?
connect(sender,signal(valueChange()),this,reciver,slot(valueChange()));

What is QEngine?
It is provide the enviroment for executing Qml code.Every Application require at least one engine instance.

What is QmlComponent?
A component encapsulates Qml information.

What is QmlContext?
It is allow application to expose data into the Qml component created by engine.

Qml To Cpp 
1) Cpp class using signal and slots.
2)Call signal and slots from global instance.
3)Create Qml type with your cpp functionality.
4)Can have multiple instance of same class.
